The gallery system has 3 main pages

These files are in the stock deployment of RHS as plain vanilla pages. 

To view them follow the Gallery link on the main banner.

These active  data containers can be styled to match the theme of the site. 

1) Lobby 

The lobby is a blog that will display all galleries in the system that have their show/hide flag set to show.

It uses an HTML template to display an entry located in the templates directory.

This page is optional but is a good way to present a range of galleries.

2) Thumbs


The Thumbs UI has 2 two state buttons, Previous and Next. 

The states of these buttons are used as slices by the code and set as per the page number.

Prepare two banners that represent the enabled and disabled states for the Previous and Next buttons. The two banners must be in registration with one another.

The stock placeholder banners are in the extras/Photoshop Templates/gallery_UI...

The banner can have any number of other nav items that are dependent on the site.

There is a CSS page number based UI that allows selection of pages #1 - n. This ui displays the current page with a different style.

Each Thumbs page displays 8 - 200px thumbnail images with titles.

Galleries can use alternate thumbs pages to allow a different style or functionality on the same site.

3) Image

The Image UI has 2 two state buttons, Previous and Next. 

The states of these buttons are used as slices by the code and set as per the image  number.

There is a single state item, Thumbnails, that returns the user to the thumbnails page that contains the current image.

The stock placeholder banners are in the extras/Photoshop Templates/image_UI...

The image page has two display modes. For Sale and Not For Sale-NFS.

Image info is placed in the Page Title and added to the keywords and description meta tags for SEO.

Image pages have an AJAX rating widget with a star graphic. Careful alteration of that file can change the appearance of the widget.

An example of the stars Vote UI can be found in:

extras/Photoshop Templates/Vote Stars/

The image page can display the following information from the image library:

1) title
2) location
3) caption
4) artist

If in For Sale mode it will display a table of add links that contain:

1) price
2) size
3) description 1
4) description 2

The image page can have a link to the send free e-card pages, compose and preview, that have a simple UI.

An example of that UI can be found in:

extras/Photoshop Templates/Gallery/GalleryECard...

Galleries can use alternate image pages to allow a different style or functionality on the same site.



